FEATURES AND PROCESSES OF THE VICIDIAL AUTO-DIALING SYSTEM

Required components:
- Asterisk server with Zap devices
- SIP phones(hard or soft single-line or multiple)
- Computer with proper software installed
	- on Win32 Activestate perl
	- on UNIX Xwindows Activestate perl recommended with perlTK libs loaded
- Asterisk server with proper software installed
- astguiclient must be installed with the Asterisk Central Queue System(ACQS) running


Features:
- Ability for a rep to call clients in succession from a database through a GUI
- Ability for calls to be logged and statuses of calls to be logged
- simple reports generated
- 3rd party conferencing(with DTMF)
- 3rd party blind call transfer
- each user has their own login
- web-based administration


Summary:
This system was created to fill the need of a customer service group being able 
to call up clients efficiently and without using a predictive dialer that would 
potentially lose calls and alienate clients. 


Approach:
This system is very much GUI-client-driven. There are only a couple of server 
side applications required, most of the server side work is done by the Asterisk 
server and a MySQL database server. This was done so that it would be very 
scalable and flexible. This application draws on a lot of the core scripting 
inside of the astguiclient suite of applications and was built with flexibility
in mind. We have used VICIDIAL for over two months now on up to 30 seats at once
across 3 separate Asterisk servers all using the same MySQL server and dialing 
on the same campaign. It is imposrtant to keep in mind that because VICIDIAL 
uses Asterisk meetme rooms for it's dialing that the Asterisk server will see 
an increased load as compared to a simple Zap/SIP-only calls.


Installation:
1. Make sure you have astguiclient up and running with the ACQS enabled
2. Add the VICIDIAL tables to the MySQL asterisk database(see CONF_VICIDIAL_MySQL.txt)
  2-1. Make sure to manually add an admin user with a user level of 8 or 9
3. Put vicidial admin web pages on a PHP webserver
4. Add leads through the VICIDIAL_IN_leads script or through MySQL inserts
5. Go to admin web site and add new users
6. Add a new campaign
7. add a new list for the leads you just loaded
8. activate the campaign and list and you're ready to dial


Process flow of a call:
0. all components are installed and running(with Asterisk and MySQL servers)
1. user logs in to the client GUI [user/password/campaign]
2. GUI assigns an open meetme extension to the user, this is called the session_id
3. GUI sends manager command ORIGINATE to connect the user to the meetme ext
4. user clicks DIAL NEXT NUMBER and GUI UPDATEs first available number-to-call in DB to PENDING status
5. GUI SELECTs info on that number[name/address/...]
6. GUI sends ORIGINATE command to call that client's number from meetme ext
7. user is talking to the client
	7-1. user transfers call to 3rd party, client Zap channel is REDIRECTed to 3rd party
	   or
	7-2. user puts client on park and dials 3rd party, then transfers client back to meetme room
8-1. user hangs up call and clicks HANGUP CALL on GUI
  or
8-2. person called hangs up so user clicks on the CALL HUNGUP then HANGUP CALL
9. call is disconnected
10. user selects disposition status of the call and clicks OK
11. goes back to step 4 and repeats



